Release 5.5.0 -- add Parameter Store as an alternative to AppConfig (#177)
silinternational/idp-id-sync: README.md

Tool to synchronize user records between the ID Broker and an ID Store

## Configuration

By default, configuration is read from environment variables documented in the `local.env.dist`
file. Copy this file to `local.env` and supply any necessary values.

Optionally, you can define configuration in AWS Systems Manager.
To do this, set the following environment variables to point to the configuration in
AWS:

* `AWS_REGION` - the AWS region in use
* `APP_ID` - AppConfig application ID or name
* `CONFIG_ID` - AppConfig configuration profile ID or name
* `ENV_ID` - AppConfig environment ID or name

> * `PARAMETER_STORE_PATH` - Parameter Store base path for this app, e.g. "/idp-pw-api/idp-name/prod"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PARAMETER_STORE_PATH` - Parameter Store base path for this app, e.g. "/idp-id-sync/idp-name/prod"
```
